Download one file from more users simultaneously without corruption! This way of downloading dramatically improves download speed, especially for fast connections, and it's safer than classical downloading. Segment position ans size are decided by file size and chunks speed.
Allows downloading and uploading parts of file which is being currently downloaded by you or other users. This increases download speed and file expanding over network.
Avoids a full line usage and leaves some speed for web browsing. Realise, that download speed limit is dependent on upload speed limit which is dependent on amount of opened slots/hubs.
Disconnects sources who speed is under certain value for certain time. If download speed during segmented downloading goes too low, the source is disconnected regardless the set value to avoid unnecessary slot usage.
You can set sounds according to situation, change color scheme or icons, show popup balloons, see emoticons...
Web links opens in new windows, instead of existing ones
Seconds are shown in timestamps
The sfv check tells the result in the lowest status bar
Autocomplete user names in main chat
Skip list. Files you don't want to be downloaded will be skipped
Popup menu for url's. Uou can either "Open", "Save as..." or "Add to Winamp playlist"
"Go to file" in the popup menu in the search result window. Downloads the file list and "goes" to (focuses on) the file
Notification in PM's when the user goes offline so you won't have to write messages that he/she won't see
"Autosearch for alternatives" on both folders and multiple selected files
User specified text color (not just 16 colors, but Any color)
User defined colors in main chat (multicolor ie)
Filter useless NMDC messages
Filter in the user list. This way you can easily find users in the list
Added icons to the window tabs, so you can easily see what that specific tab is (optional)
Fast autosearch algorithm for the "search for alternatives" feature
Customized colors for the progress bar in the transfer window
Fast search for alternates for "releases"
lastlog feature
Support for multibuttonmice
Vertical tile feature to be able to tile subwindows vertically, not only horizontally
Option (in the Viewmenu) to show/hide the transfer window
"File menu" to the transfer menu, to open incomplete files (or its folder[s])
Web Shortcuts. Now you can type eg. "/g [search string]" to search google directly from chat
File information (dimmed) in transfer window for files not beeing currently downloaded but is waiting
Update check feature
Multiple simultaneous downloads
Configurable bandwidth scheduler
Global and per torrent speed limiting
Quick resumes interrupted transfers
RSS Downloader
Password protected boss key
Global runcommand feature on torrent completion/state change
UDP proxying for SOCKS5
Proxy privacy features
Improved set download location/relocate feature (now moves files for you)
Show add torrent dialog for magnet links
Add option to pause torrents when user activity is detected on the computer
Tiger Tree Hashes (TTH) used for file integrity
Search across all (or selected) connected hub by type, size, or name
Resume of downloads, with optional search for alternate sources
Logging options and configuration for chat, private messages, downloads, and uploads
Auto configuration of UPnP routers
MAGNET link support for linking to specific content
Automatic and manual download priorities
Saving of user's file lists for browsing and queueing
Segmented downloading
Multiple torrent downloads
Upload and download speed limiting, both globally and per torrent
Advanced seeding rules
Adjustable disk cache
Only uses one port for all the torrents
UPnP sets the forward on your router
Can use a proxy, for both tracker and peer communications
Fast resume
Can set a default download dir and move completed files
Can import torrents automatically from a set dir
Highly customizable interface
IRC plugin included for quick help
Embedded tracker, host your own torrents, automate your shares (periodic scanning of a dir)...
Distributed Hash Table: host on it a completely decentralised torrent and/or benefit from it when the tracker is offline.
Dynamic bandwidth management  download without disrupting other applications
Detailed stats on the health of media files provides a safer, more controlled experience
No hardware configuration  reduced hassle of fast downloads
Lightweight client
Local peer discovery
Configurable bandwidth scheduler
Global and per torrent speed limiting
RSS Downloader
Completely new core written in C++, stable and fast, very low CPU usage
Multiple simultaneous downloads, ability to select download files in one torrent and set file priority
Ability to limit the upload speed as well as download speed
Intelligent Connection Optimize, Auto Optimization for different connections, runs well using all default settings
Intelligent Rate Control, optimize the upload distribution in order to get the max download rate
Intelligent Disk Cache, decrease the potential damage to the hard disk when highspeed downloading (>500KB/s) by decrease the read / write frequency, extra memory usage is the cost
Intelligent Disk Allocating, no longtime disk allocation, also decrease the disk fragment to almost zero
Intelligent Hash Scan, no timeconsuming scanning when seeding / resume
Support Torrent Share£¬ exchange torrent files while downloading
Support LongTime Seeding, improve download speed notably
Using only one TCP listening port
Auto config ICF (Internet Connection Firewall) and ICS (Internet Connection Sharing) in Windows XP
Auto config port mapping in router (UPnP support is required in router, Windows XP is required)
Support Mutitracker torrent format, and utf8 extension, UDP tracker Proptocol
Auto Update Checker
MutiLanguage supported
Clean interface
Multiple simultaneous downloads
Disk cache mechanism
Fast job resume
File selecting support
Powerful file manager
UPnP port mapping
Instant Messaging support
Gzip Data compression
Flexible speed control
Scheduled downloading
Integrated with IE
Shutdown computer when done
HTTP/SOCKS4/5 proxy support
High speed
Very low CPU & Mem usage
Cache mechanism
High speed
Powerful files management function
Various running time log
Integrated with IE
Favorite website management
Clipboard guard
Simple and easy to use interface
Easily searches a multitude of sites with a single click
Returns all results in a single list
Download directly from the list, or visit the website source page for complete details
Complete filtering and sorting of results, on any column
Automatically allows searching and downloading on sites which require user registration, using your system's cookies
Complete downloading transparency, with an engine status screen which shows a comprehensive breakdown of exactly what pages Torrent Harvester is loading and the results from each page
Get updates of engines directly from within Torrent Harvester
Create your own engines for your favourite sites using the inbuilt Engine Designer, and create your own Torrent Harvester update website to distribute engines you create to other users
Completely userdefinable engines, allowing for creation of search engines for a multitude of different sites: Torrents, IRC, ED2k, Cracks, Keygens, Direct Downloads, etc.
Complete help every step of the way.
88 Included engines
Support for PeerGuardian binary list formats (P2Bv1, P2Bv2, P2Bv3 code taken from libp2p, with few minor modifications)
PeerGuardian List Viewer
Autoopen hubs OP Chat (works with the 1st entry of OP chat names list, which has been renamed to Hub Chatrooms)
Toolbar positions are now saved
Explorer like locking of toolbars (added a toolbar context menu, toolbar and media toolbar toggles aswell)
Option to use AutoComplete in search window (this option also turns on persistent search history. AutoComplete from revconnect)
Options to keep finished uploads/downloads between sessions
Quick Search box (Under View menu)
Added "Always on top" (Under View menu)
Option to display full info for file lists in download queue
Option to place all non-hub tabs in front (pm windows are counted as hub tabs)
Option to use Zion like tabs
Mini tabs (hub tabs only)
Option to blend offline search results
Option for logging chat in favorite hub properties
Auto resizing chat message boxes (set max value in experts only to 1 in order to disable this)
Consider old clients (no full support for TTH) as cheating
Option to use RegExp's and wildcards with ignorelist (use $Re: for RegExp, option to prevent it unnecessarily looking for them in the list)
Option to toggle "speed indicators" of Stealthy styled progress bars
Check finished files for viruses
Ability to use the old way (StrongDC 1.x) of displaying hub names (default: disabled)
Compatibility modes for few different kinds of external user list images
Files are highlighted in search window if user already has them shared (SMT)
Chat command /reconnect (use /rc for short)
RegExp ADLSearch and related features from Zion Blue 2.02
Option to use one layout for all hub windows
Modified the present "Hub chat rooms" feature so that it's more useful to those that use raws or user commands (see added note)
Now extracts "metadata" from Profiles.xml file
Back button to ClientProfileDlg
The raw & cheating description quick access dialog from Zion Blue 2.02
Delete checked file lists
Extended Favourite download directories
Easy to use well organized search will allow you to search files according to various categories. Use the advanced search if you want to set up individual parameters of search results.
Just imagine that all the latest movies, music, games and software are in one place! Easytouse search with ability to filtrate results according to various criteria will help you to find exactly want you need.
Embedded multiformat media player MediaGet will allow you listening to music and watching movies you chose online before their download is complete. Just press Play.
Easy to adjust pass band, fast recovery of interrupted download, serial torrent integration.
When you download music and video they are instantly added to your media database. You can sort your collection in any way you like. Just enter a file name or a name of the artist in the search field to find a certain file. Results will appear already when you type in the request.
Ares Galaxy automatically finds more sources and downloads files from many users at once. Increase the speed of your downloads, and enjoy one of the most easytouse BitTorrent clients.
Ares Galaxy search engine helps you find exactly what you want, quickly! Just as you google for the best airfare, you can now avoid to explore every single torrent site or perform multiple web searches.
Ares Galaxy works behind firewalls and requires zero configuration. Ares Galaxy works well also on restricted networks, so that data sharing is enabled between two peers behind a firewall.
Clients use several networks to create one reliable network. (ED2K, Source Exchange, Kad)
Kad is now in an open testphase, eMule v0.42 can be enabled to use Kad
eMule's Queue and Credit system helps to ensure that everyone will get the file he wants by promoting those that upload back to the network
Each file checked for corruptions while downloading to ensure an error free file
The eMules Intelligent Corruption Control helps to speed up the correction of corrupted parts
Auto priorities and Source management allows you to start many downloads without having to monitor them
The Preview function allows you to look at your Videos and Archives before they are completed. For video previewing, we recommend the Video Lan Client
The eMule features webservices and a webserver that allows you to have quick access to and from the internet
You can create categories for your download to organize them
To find the file you want, eMule offers a wide range of search possibilities which include: Servers (Local, and Global), web based (Jigle, and Filedonkey), and Kad (Still in Alpha)
eMule also allows you to use very complex Boolean searches that make the searches much more flexible
With the messaging and friend system, you can send messages to other Clients and add them as friends. In your friend list, you can always see if a friend is online
With the build in IRC client, you can chat with other downloaders and chatters around the globe
Completely free & opensource
Firewall to firewall transfers
Builtin community chat
No bundled software of any kind!
Connects to more sources
Creative commons license support
Max. speed network connections
Junk result filters
TurboCharged download speeds
iTunes integration
BitTorrent support
Proxy Support
Supports multiple torrents running in one instance.
Automatically loads torrent info from torrent file.
Support for tabs sessions (save current session and load it later)
Very strong protection against anticheat scripts.
Very good, user friendly GUI. Drag&drop support for files.
Parses all data from all running uTorrent, Azureus, BitComet and ABC instances.
Can select upload and download speed.
Can select random values for upload and download speeds at tracker update.
Can select tracker response interval (program automatically gets this value from tracker).
Lots of bittorrent client simulations available  latest versions of uTorrent, BitComet, Azureus, BitTorrent, BitLord, ABC, BTuga, BitTornado, Burst, BitTyrant, BitSpirit, Deluge, KTorrent and Gnome BT.
Shows uploaded, downloaded, tracker update intervals, and more info all in realtime!
Support for custom announce and client simulation parameters.
Good error protection.
Supports different types of proxies. (HTTP, SOCKS4, SOCKS4a and SOCKS5)
Program keeps a log and if any errors occur you can send the developer the log and he will try to fix the problem.
Program will inform you of new versions.
Works in almost all bittorrent trackers.
Download one file from multiple users at the same time without corruption! This can vastly improve your download speeds.
Prevent users from exhausting precious free slots in the network
The credit system is used to reward users contributing to the network, i.e. uploading to other clients
Clients in the network are identified by a unique 384 bit RSA public key, it's used to grant earned credits with other users
A hub independent en more effective search engine
Find and recommend quality files with ease. Take a look at the Share Masters for magnet links (and to post your own)
Once you decide your downloads, you never need find sources by yourself
Use the power of 4 P2P Networks simultaneously!
Four networks mean access to a wide variety of users. Look no further: Shareaza's got it!
Download from multiple sources
Experience downloads the way they were meant to be: fast! Shareaza swarms across four networks!
Sophisticated filehashing
Say adios to corrupted files and mp3s that skip. Shareaza detects and fixes corruption before the download completes.
Find that file with Global Searching on Gnutella2!
Search the entire network, not just a part of it. Shareaza will find you that file!
Multiple results tabs
Each search is displayed in a new window. Your search results will never be overwritten. Shareaza runs the searches you want, when you want!
Previews, users comments, and ratings
Get picture and movie previews right from the search panel. Even view comments and ratings written by users like you. Shareaza ensures you avoid those fakes and download the real deal!
Tired of boring old Windoze? Why not Skin it!
Choose from dozens of different looks or even make your own skin and share it to the world! Shareaza has a style to suit your tastes!
Shareaza goes Global!
Translated into over Ten different languages (and counting), Shareaza is equipped with full Unicode support for true international searches and downloads. Shareaza is perfect for anyone, anywhere in the world.
Further Shareaza's horizon with a Plugin
Extend the functionality of Shareaza with plugin modules, the sky is the limit. You can even create your own!
Did someone say Media Player?
Play all types of video and audio files, watch visualisations, edit playlists, and even control the player with a snazzy remote. Shareaza is your onestop media solution.
Preview filters
Want to view that video file before it has finished downloading? Well, Shareaza has the ability to preview your incomplete audio and video files!
Chat with a friend or someone you've just met!
You can chat with friends oneonone while you're using Shareaza, pass on a message or get to know another Shareaza user.
Block unwanted attention
With the help of security block lists, a highlysophisticated IP and client filter, you have the ability to block malicious companies and clients. Shareaza keeps you safe.
No central servers
Encrypted communications
Contact list with instant messaging and private mail
P2P file sharing
Builtin Torrent Editor/Viewer
Automatic update of trackers, as well as personal tracker support
2 modes: Simple and Classic
Support for backup/multi trackers
Improved GUI: the client has been redesigned to have a more intuitive and appealing GUI. Servers, Transfers and Statistics windows has been revamped for better screen usage and greater customization.
Web Server: originally conceived in eMule Plus but now on official this 'light' interface is useful to remotely control your client. It's evolving each day, adding features to make it better while not making it a resource hog. We have some extended features as Intruder Detection, A4AF support, a graphical queue list, client version information, automatic compression support (gzip) and much more. eMule XP and eMule Light templates are now included in the main distribution as eye candy or simplified interfaces to our Web Server. Templates are optimized to reduce required traffic while keeping compatibility with different browsers.
Better Interface Design: we take special care in the interface design, so you won't see any misplaced box or a cut string. Images used in our client and sites are done the best way possible by Graphic Designers to be more appealing and meaningful.
Localization: eMule Plus has its own team of translators localizing new strings. Currently supported languages: Basque, Belarusian, Catalan, ChineseSimplified, ChineseTraditional, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Extremaduran, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Italian, Korean, Lithuanian, Malay, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Romanian, Russian, Slovenian, Spanish, Turkish, Ukrainian.
Our Own Team of Betatesters: eMule Plus team has an extensive team of beta testers, including Windows 9x users, releasers and a lot of different system configurations are daily tested. We have an extensive testing process before a release. This doesn't mean the client won't have bugs, but there will be less of them or they won't affect the majority of the users.
Static Servers Priority: priority for static servers can be changed from the GUI without users having to change the configuration files directly.
Rating/Comments of Files: a better rating information has been added to help users to get an idea of the file rating. With several levels of quality and a special icon to inform users about fakes. This system accumulates ratings of remote users and calculates an average value shown to you in the thermometer style.
Upload Progress: a different and improved upload progress bar is used to give a better glimpse of the status of a client downloading from you. It shows the number of parts each client has as well as currently downloading part.
A4AF (Asked for Another File) Management: the ed2k protocol allows only one file to be transferred at the same time from a single client, so other requests to the same user are queued until the transferring file is completed. Our client shows you sources that have been requested for other files in each single file sources list and allows you to force them to switch to another file.
Stored Sources: when you close your client for long periods sources are lost. Most of them can be recovered with the sources exchange protocol but for rare files the obtained sources from other sessions can be lost. Stored Sources allows you to store sources in a file to be retrieved again when you restart your client.
Better Client Information: client software as well as the status is shown with different mule icons. Different colors related to the official color of the software are used to give a better insight on the client type distribution in your queues and the status of the clients you connect to or those connecting to you. Credits, friends and banning statuses are also shown with different icon modifications.
Unneeded Sources: there are sources in your download queue which sometimes don't have chunks for the file you're downloading, so they are using a slot while not being useful for us. This kind of sources are removed automatically when the max sources limit for a file is reached.
Download Queue Progress: queue progress is shown with color coding (progression, regression or the same position) and information about how many positions were gained or lost after previous source status check.
Destination Directory: you can set a different (from the main incoming directory) destination directory for every downloading file. After completion, a file will be transferred to that directory.
Filename Cleanup: automatically or manually activated, this feature allows you to clean filenames. Unwanted advertisement strings or noncased files can be formatted in a more pleasant way.
Improved Search: you can search files not containing strings. There is also support for FileDonkey and eMugle web service searches. The selected search method is also retained between sessions, so you won't need to change it to your preferred choice every time you start a new search.
Enhanced Information for Search Results: additional information is available providing the date when servers saw a complete source for the specific file last time. This information can be very helpful during file selection as it shows the risk of staying with incomplete file. Media information (length, bitrate and codec) is provided for media content files in search results. Average file rating (comments are unaccessible) collected by servers is available as well together with the estimation of the number of voted users.
Related Files Search: a related search gives the files that are the most published by the clients who share the given file. It can be used to detect related (companion) files, but also anomalies in files distribution.
Part Traffic: spreading information in p2p applications is vital. Knowing which files are already well spread and which are not is something that releasers request a lot. This information can be obtained from the clients currently downloading from you or by storing all transfers information. The Plus team believe that the second method is better because you know how your client actively performed.
Part Status: sometimes, old and not well designed clients asks for parts which are already well spread while not asking for rare parts. This isn't useful for the network because files need more time to be spread. With this in mind a feature that allows you to disable access to these parts has been bundled in the client.
JumpStart: the initial release of a file is mostly chaotic. The problem is that some parts of the file are transferred hundred of times while others are not transferred at all. JumpStart automatically controls a release while supervising the spread of the different chunks by hiding well spread parts. This is an automated and intelligent process.
Upload System (zz): the ed2k protocol has been designed in a way only full chunks are shared. As chunks have a size of 9Mb you need to complete them before sharing that part to the world. The zz Upload System prioritizes the upload of full chunks while maximizing your upload speed with trickle slots. These slots use the remaining bandwidth not used by the other downloading clients. The speed of spreading parts is prioritized instead of a level transfer speed between all the downloading clients, guaranteeing a faster spread of files on the network.
Small and Rare Files Boost: higher score for rare and small file requests in waiting queue, what increases chances to upload rare files as well as faster spread small files.
Shell Menu: for shared files a shell menu is provided bringing you the file handling options supported by the operating system.
Doubleclick Behavior: provides a possibility to configure the doubleclick action for sources and files, letting a user decide which way is better.
Font Configuration: allows customization of the font style and size used within IRC/chat/log windows.
Smooth File Completion: while using a custom made copy routine instead of not quite performing system one, completing files now let you with a much more responsive system.
Message Filtering: allows you to disable messages containing filtered words from being shown. There is an option to keep them in the log.
Comment Filtering: allows you to disable comments containing filtered words from being shown. There is an option to keep them in the log.
Intelligent Chunk Request (ICR): the Intelligent Chunk Request system allows faster file downloading by concentrating on the rarest and (or) complete chunks.
Lancast: saves bandwidth and increases download speeds in dual network capacity environments (your PC is on the internet, but also on a LAN with other eMule clients). Your client will discover other local/LAN sources and will upload to these clients above your client's normal upload limits, using multicast. Useful for people who share an Internet connection with other eMule Plus users (student networks, home networks and Metropolitan Area networks as long as they support multicast data).
Complete Sources: a new column in Shared Files window which shows a range of possible values for the number of complete sources, for the files you're currently sharing. If you didn't receive enough data to calculate a total range, you will see an approximate value preceded by a sign "Tips  useful not visible features".
Shared File Permission: permission to show a file in the shared files list which can be requested by a remote user. This feature provides comprehensive flexibility to report only desirable shared files for particular user category.
Auto Download Lists: every X minutes client downloads Xml files from preconfigured locations, which contain ed2k links, those links are automatically added to download into specified categories. Useful for first spreading of files inside groups, etc.
Improved Source Exchange: tracks all file requests (not only clients waiting for some file in waiting queue) what provides more sources for source exchange requests as some clients can request several files.
Large File Support: eMule protocol extension to support large files (> 4GB). Maximum supported file size is 512 GB  1 byte (549,755,813,887 bytes).
Once installed, any file you drop into your Dropbox folder will synchronize and be available on any other computer you've installed Dropbox on, as well as from the web. Also, any changes you make to files in your Dropbox will sync to your other computers, instantly.
Let's say you accidentally delete that 8 page report that you were supposed to have for a meeting tomorrow. A handy Dropbox feature is the ability to undelete files or pull up any previous versions of it.
You can also share files and folders with whomever you choose, whether it be music with buddies, docs with colleagues or photos with grandma, even if they're not Dropbox users.
We obsess over speed, and it shows. Dropbox is very smart about the way it handles files. For example, if you make a change to a huge file, dropbox will only update the piece of the file that changed.
All files are transported over SSL and encrypted using AES256 (banks use this too).
All completed or  compromised files are cleaned automatically.
Additional sources are searched for at userspecified intervals.
A nice, userfriendly interface, easy operable by a system tray icon.
Paused downloads are automatically resumed.
Configuration from last run is saved and auto loads on startup.
Automatically resumes paused downloads;
Configuration from last run is saved and auto loads on startup;
Clean and free, without any adware or spyware;
Finished and wrong files are cleaned automatically;
Finds more sources at user specified intervals;
Interface is easy to use and goodlooking;
Interface is easy operable by a system tray icon.
Finished and wrong files are cleaned automatically
Finds more sources at userspecified intervals
Interface is easy to use and goodlooking
Interface is easy operable by a system tray icon
Automatically resumes paused downloads
Configuration from last run is saved and auto loads on startup
Clean and free, without any adware or spyware
Download and upload speed limits.
Seeding.
It is not necessary to install the program for a single torrent download.
The program's additional features (auto startup, updates, file associations) become available after installation.
Core/UI split allowing Deluge to run as a daemon
Connect remotely to the Deluge daemon
Web UI
Console UI
GTK+ UI
BitTorrent Protocol Encryption
Mainline DHT
Local Peer Discovery (aka LSD)
FAST protocol extension
µTorrent Peer Exchange
UPnP and NATPMP
Proxy support
Web seed
Private Torrents
Global and pertorrent speed limits
Configurable bandwidth scheduler
Password protection
RSS (via Plugin)
Other  libtorrent features
A safe place to store your files
Share files with other and edit them in realtime
Create new documents, spreadsheets and presentations instantly
Integration in Gmail and Google+
Powerful search features
Open over 30 file types right in your browser
Create and reply to comments
Creates revisions to save your stored content
Finished and wrong files are cleaned automatically;
Automatically resumes paused downloads;
Finds more sources at userspecified intervals;
Configuration from last run is saved and auto loads on startup;
Interface is easy to use and goodlooking;
Interface is easy operable by a system tray icon.
Global Options
Customize Traffic Settings up to 500%
Daily graphic reports
You can turn off download reports (Seeder emulation)
You can turn off upload reports (Network problems emulation)
Prioritization to select which torrents, and which files inside those torrents, to download first
Supports Magnet links
Selective downloading
Optionally move torrents to a different folder when they finish downloading
Encrypted peer connections
Torrent file creation
A builtin web server so that users can control Transmission remotely via the web (using RPC or WebUI)
Automatic port mapping (using UPnP/NATPMP)
Fast Resume  with peer caching
Blocklists for bad peers, periodically updated with the same bluetack peer list used by PeerGuardian and PeerBlock
Single listening port for all torrents
Scheduled bandwidth limits
Global and pertorrent bandwidth caps
Sorting/filtering options
HTTPS tracker support
IPv6 support
Local Peer Discovery support
Pleasant and easy to operate interface;
Automatically clears downloaded and incorrect files;
Automatically resumes paused downloads;
Operable by system tray icon for convenient and faster use;
Automatically searches for multiple sources at userspecified intervals;
Keeps configurations from last run and auto loads on startup.
Access your OneDrive right from Windows Explorer—photos, documents, and all your other important files.
Quickly add new files to OneDrive by dragging them to the OneDrive folder.
Easily organize your files and folders in OneDrive, just like any other folder.
Connect back to your PC if you forget to put something in OneDrive.
Now you can play music and video files instantly on any device in your home, without a second thought about format compatibility. Worryfree conversion of audio and video files lets you rest assured your favorite songs and vacation videos will be played back on any supported device, regardless of format. Automatic, onthefly transcoding in real time enables you to simply sit back and enjoy the show or sounds. Nero MediaHome will do the rest.
Do you have so much digital media saved on your PC, Laptop, and the hard drive of your game console that it’s hard to keep your files in order? With Nero MediaHome, organizing digital media files has never been easier! With intuitive categorization features for TV channels, collections, music, photos, and videos, Nero MediaHome gives you full control over hundreds and even thousands of your personal media files. Stream your favorite music, videos, photos, and TV shows to compatible devices throughout your connected home, including to your Xbox 360 and PLAYSTATION 3 game consoles.
Want to watch your favorite TV program someplace in your home other than your living room? Stream live TV around your home and even outdoors with wireless streaming features in Nero MediaHome. With simple network configurations and the appropriate devices, you can watch your favorite shows as they happen anywhere in your home!
Now enjoy your favorite songs no matter where you are, throughout your home! Nero MediaHome lets you stream your favorite songs from the hard drive of your PC to any room in the house. Plus choose from a variety of web radio stations and customized multimedia podcasts.
SHAREit can share photos, music, video, apps, PDF, and other file types with no size restrictions
Directly control your PPT with your mobile.
Back up valuable data in a second, save every treasured moment.
Easily transfer and back up contacts, messages, apps, all types of files from your old phone to new one
Search for .torrent files in the most popular search engines
Fully customizable user interface, with several skins included
Embedded web browser with links to the best .torrent sites, you can add your own favs too
Create .torrent wizard to help you share your files with the rest of the community
Details window to know everything about your downloads
Powerful queue system: choose all you want to download and let it work by itself
Install directly in 5 languages: English, Spanish, Italian, German and French, it also includes: Polish and Dutch
Interface is nice and accessible;
Interface is easy operable by a system tray icon;
Completed and bad files are cleared automatically;
Searches more sources at userspecified periods;
Automatically resumes paused downloads;
Configuration from last run is saved and auto loads on startup.
Simultaneous download of multiple torrents
Integrated torrent search engine
Integrated RSS feed reader and downloader
Good internationalization
DHT, PeX, Encryption, LSD, UPnP, NATPMP, µTP
Cross platform (Linux, Mac Os, Windows)
Very lightweight
Torrent queueing and prioritizing
Control over files in a torrent (filtering, prioritizing)
Nice µTorrentlike interface with Qt4 toolkit (qBittorrent v2.x)
IP filtering (eMule dat files or PeerGuardian files)
Peer display with country and hostname resolution (qBittorrent v2.x)
Advanced control over torrent trackers (qBittorrent v2.x)
Closest open source equivalent to µTorrent (qBittorrent v2.x)
Torrent creation tool
Remote control through Secure Web User Interface
Automatically resumes paused downloads;
Finds more sources at userspecified intervals;
Configuration from last run is saved and auto loads on startup;
Interface is easy to use and goodlooking;
Finished and wrong files are cleaned automatically;
Interface is easy operable by a system tray icon
detailed user interface, with views of individual peers, detailed bitfield graphs, and bandwidth usage charting
highly flexible bandwidth throttling, including trading/seeding share adjustment and adjustable priority for individual transfers and peers
efficient peer choking / unchoking algorithms to ensure fast downloads
easy to create and seed new transfers
peer, transfer, and systemwide event logging with adjustable detail level and backscroll size
move downloaded files to new filesystem location while transfer is in progress, even to different partition
full DHT (Distributed Hash Table) implementation including detailed message traffic charting
Free  Zultrax is fully free. We could use a contribution from you if you like the program but do not obligate it.
Clean  No adware, no spyware, no bundles. Zultrax doesn't install any garbage and does not modify your registry.
Stable  Zultrax doesn't crash or give problems. It just does its work.
Smart  The Zultrax kernel contains advanced state of the art P2P technology.
Silent  Zultrax keeps an eye on your CPU usage and adapts to it. On this way Zultrax does not slow down your machine.
Listings
Keeps you updated with new shows added
Featured shows (Shows we recommend)
uTorrentlike interface
Multilingual user interface
Torrents filtering by status and tracker
Resolving of peer's host name and country
Displaying of peer's country flag
Tray icon and balloon tooltips when download is complete
Association with .torrent files
Selectable download folder when adding a new torrent
Select files to download
Choose files priority
View details about connected peers
Full information about each torrent
Per torrent options
Trackers details
Clean interface
No server or internet connection needed
Zero configuration
High speed batch file transfer
Logging transfers
Send and receive text snippets
Open received files directly from the application
Taskbar integration
Progress and transfer indicator
Show your IP addresses on the IP connection page
Full Unicode support
Metro style UI
Managed torrent queue system
Disk cache and Magnet URI support
Trackerless torrents (using the Mainline kademlia DHT protocol).
Torrent style multitracker announcing
IP filtering with eMule style ipfilter.dat import
Protocol Encryption support
Superseeding.
Minimize to tray with transfer rate summary
Full Unicode support through UTF8 and native Windows widechar strings
Login support where tracker requires it
Ability to edit trackers specified in the torrent and to create torrent files
Port randomisation and forwarding (UnPlug and Play or NATPMP).
Transfer rate and connection limits both global and pertorrent
Shutdown scheduler
